hey guys I got a brand new product here
for you we got the beats by dre the
mixers by david guetta as if you guys
don't know david guetta is a DJ he had
these headphones designed specifically
for him I don't know about you but if I
was a DJ I would love to have headphones
designed for me especially headphones
buy beats especially amazing so I picked
these up at best buy two day I got a
killer deal on them so I'm just going to
show you the back show you what's inside
and this is just not baxton keep in mind
for a full review be sure to check out
my channel link in the description be
sure to subscribe follow me on twitter
twitter.com / Apple underscore kills
underscore pcs another link in the
description let's get to the unboxing
here in the front there's mixers they
are having the pro beats so they can
swivel on the side because those are the
pros that came to on this side it's just
saying like music on the move english
and spanish on the back it's going to
show you what's included just showing
you the mixers nothing but the beat and
they can shows you how they can fold up
and whatnot very cool box as all beats
two and on the other side just kind of
like see how it's kind of doing that
it's kind of going over the side it's
really cool so let's get this open up
these will run you roughly 240 999 from
best buy beats calm I'm hoping they're
worth it there's they're made out of a
different material than the then dumb
solos are like the solos are kind of
like a plasticky material there we go
that's a lot better for that glare the
solos are have the plasticky material
which on people know kind of like
studios or these are more of a metal
finish actually so there should be a lot
nicer so as almost boxes of beats do you
slide the red part up and this is just
the sleeve inside like that here's the
beats this is just going to open up just
like this little tab right here we're
going to pull that and then these will
just come open like that
there we go there's the inside right
here God Dre Dr Dre obviously and inside
we have a nice little cleaning cloth
here by monster some you ever wonder why
an unboxing videos people always do this
stuff first I just thought of that like
just now so here's the user guide in
warranty here's a listing of all the
products at the that beats offers stuff
like this nice really cool beat sticker
just another warning labels and whatnot
all this good stuff yeah stick that back
in here that's not why you guys are here
this is why you guys are here wow really
nice case built right in there get that
all the way here this is the box very
nice dirty feel to it zip it up right
inside there you have it first view this
is the cable right here say if you're a
DJ you got this sundown you can plug
that in but what's cool is it's not say
it's not only proprietary so it's not
just that end you can take this off it's
an adapter so if you are a DJ there's
definitely that availability for you as
I said these other mixers or just plug
it into your iPhone iPod anything at
that only bad thing about this cord is
that I like this it's that looks kind of
sweet but it doesn't have the volume
controls so I won't be using that for my
iphone this cable on the other hand
right here does have it here we go right
here I'm just got some sticky stuff
stuck in my finger really quick so as
you can see it is right here this is
what it looks like kind of focus this as
best as we can so you can't really see
it cuz I can really see it right there
is plus minus and it's just like the
ipod cord if you guys have ever used
that so now the main part the headphones
nicely secure it in there move those off
to the side here there they're just
gonna go like this
and literally just rotate right out
right out just like that very cool they
do you can swivel in like this very very
nice design very nice design so on the
headphones themselves they're on the top
let's say beats mixers you can
definitely let me sit here these are
brand-new so keep in mind there's a bit
fidgety you can definitely do those with
them not amount of cushion but that does
feel good and you can definitely feel
that it is a new material it's a new
metal and then on the other side of the
beats so there you guys have it a full
review will definitely be coming in the
future and for more great content as i
said before follow me on twitter link in
the description thanks for watching me
and thanks for all the great support
guys i'll see you in my next video bye